you
coming out of the last corner here in
Monaco still same track as the promo on
track going down the straight this
straight really feels very short when
you're racing distracting it's very
narrow as well but here we come for the
first corner right breaking area we go
into a hairpin right normally we go to
stick up to the casino now we go down
back to the port these roses that
revenues for former one is a new layout
distract very excite order here breaking
where the normally the turtle she came
and be so this is a helping for us in
foreplay and then you go back down the
court so basically we're racing just at
the port area of them on across city and
here we are going to this left-hander
very fast very difficult to get right
here you have to aim at the wall for the
turning this is flat out the form a car
very fast she can hear you have to
really carried his feet as much as you
can but this ball is always waiting for
you the famous rass kass corner very
tough very easy to lock up and make
mistakes here and then again into the
last corner here another tricky corner
make mistakes run the curves there and
really push down the straight at that
time is really fast here I think we're
going to have lots of laps very careful
to get the energy manager
you